Ownership Transfer (#137)
rapyuta-robotics/rapyuta-io-docs: hugo/content/3_how-tos/31_account-management/311_managing-projects.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Transfer Project Ownership

> The project owner can transfer ownership to another member. This solves the issue of restricted modification rights if the original owner leaves the company or is unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project or organization owner can transfer ownership of a project to another member. This solves the issue of restricted modification rights if the original owner leaves the company or becomes unavailable.
```

{{% notice info %}}

> If you're part of a project through a user group, you can't become the project owner. You need to be directly added to the project to become an owner.

Reviewer 2: A user can be in a user group & have direct access, so I feel the wording here can be approved a little.

Something like this but I think it can be simpler still
"To transfer ownership to a user they must be added to the project directly. Access via user group is not sufficient."
